1.Give a list of titles of all the songs of the group 'INXS'. At least expecting column: 'title'.
  SELECT title FROM track INNER JOIN artist on track.artistid = artist.artistid WHERE name LIKE 'INXS'
2.Give the presenters for each program. Order the results according to the program title and the presenters' lastnames and firstnames (in that order). At least expecting columns: 'title', 'lastname', 'firstname'.
  select title, lastname,firstname from Radioprogram_presenter rp join presenter p on rp.presenterid = p.presenterid join radioprogram r on rp.radioprogramid = r.radioprogramid order by title, lastname,firstname  
3.Give the titles of all the songs of the group 'R.E.M.' that released after 1993. Also give the title of the album. At least expecting columns: 'songtitle', 'albumtitle'.
  SELECT t.title AS songtitle, a.title as albumtitle FROM album a JOIN track t ON a.albumid = t.albumid JOIN artist art on art.artistid = t.artistid WHERE year > 1993 AND art.name LIKE 'R.E.M.'
4.Give the titles of the programs without presenter. At least expecting column: 'title'.
  SELECT title FROM radioprogram rp LEFT JOIN radioprogram_presenter rapr ON rp.radioprogramid = rapr.radioprogramid WHERE presenterid IS NULL
5.Give a list containing couples of (different) songs of the same artist. Each couple (2) of songs has to have been played in the same broadcast of the program 'Hitstorm' and needs to be shown maximally once in the results. The first song of the couple has to have been played before the second song of the couple. The songs have to be shown in the same order as they were broadcasted (first order according to the broadcast time of the first song and then order to the broadcast time of the second song respectively). Give for each result row the name of the artist and the names of both songs. At least expecting columns: 'artist', 'track1', 'track2'
  SELECT art.name as artist, t1.title as track1, t2.title AS track2 FROM track t1 INNER JOIN track t2 ON (t1.trackid != t2.trackid AND t1.artistid = t2.artistid) INNER JOIN artist art ON t1.artistid= art.artistid INNER JOIN playlistitem pl1 ON t1.trackid = pl1.trackid INNER JOIN playlistitem pl2 ON (t2.trackid = pl2.trackid AND pl2.timestamp > pl1.timestamp) INNER JOIN radiobroadcast rb ON (pl1.radiobroadcastid = rb.radiobroadcastid AND pl2.radiobroadcastid = rb.radiobroadcastid) INNER JOIN radioprogram rp on rb.radioprogramid = rp.radioprogramid WHERE rp.title = 'Hitstorm' ORDER BY pl1.timestamp, pl2.timestamp
